README.md, before:

# dualBot

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot](https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme](https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

Commit message:

fix: remove unused OpenAI dependency from Google workflow
Clean up code by removing `convertToPromptChatGPT` and related OpenAI code.

Co-authored-by: null <210797728+HoangVanLuong2207@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# dualBot

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Features

- **Dual AI Chat**: Integrated chat system with Gemini AI
- **Deep Search**: Powered by Tavily AI for real-time web search and information retrieval
- **File Support**: Upload and process various file formats (PDF, DOCX, images, etc.)
- **Multi-category Organization**: Organize conversations by topics
- **Export Functionality**: Export conversations to various formats

## Environment Variables

To use all features, you'll need to set up the following environment variables in your Vercel project settings:

- `GOOGLE_API_KEY`: Your Google Gemini API key
- `TAVILY_API_KEY`: Your Tavily AI API key for deep search functionality
- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: (Optional) OpenAI API key for enhanced workflows

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot](https://vercel.com/hvlhvl00-5605s-projects/v0-dual-bot)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme](https://v0.app/chat/projects/BH0ecM7BEme)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
